README.md, before:

# cpp_starter_project

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/lefticus/cpp_starter_project/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/lefticus/cpp_starter_project)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lefticus/cpp_starter_project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lefticus/cpp_starter_project)

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ro4lbfoa7n0sy74c/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/lefticus/cpp-starter-project/branch/master)

![CMake](https://github.com/lefticus/cpp_starter_project/workflows/CMake/badge.svg)


## Getting Started

### Use the Github template
First, click the green `Use this template` button near the top of this page.
This will take you to Github's ['Generate Repository'](https://github.com/lefticus/cpp_starter_project/generate) page.
Fill in a repository name and short description, and click 'Create repository from template'.
This will allow you to create a new repository in your Github account,
prepopulated with the contents of this project.
Now you can clone the project locally and get to work!

    $ git clone https://github.com/<user>/<your_new_repo>.git

### Remove frameworks you're not going to use
If you know you're not going to use one or more of the optional gui/graphics
frameworks (fltk, gtkmm, imgui, etc.), you can remove them with `git rm`:

    $ git rm -r src/<unnecessary_framework>

## Dependencies

Note about install commands:
- for Windows, we use [choco](https://chocolatey.org/install).
- for MacOS, we use [brew](https://brew.sh/).
- In case of an error in cmake, make sure that the dependencies are on the PATH.

### Necessary Dependencies
1. A C++ compiler that supports C++17.
See [cppreference.com](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/compiler_support)
to see which features are supported by each compiler.
The following compilers should work:

  * [gcc 7+](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt install build-essential

	- Windows:

			choco install mingw -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install gcc
	</details>

  * [clang 6+](https://clang.llvm.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			bash -c "$(wget -O - https://apt.llvm.org/llvm.sh)"

	- Windows:

		Visual Studio 2019 ships with LLVM (see the Visual Studio section). However, to install LLVM separately:

			choco install llvm -y

		llvm-utils for using external LLVM with Visual Studio generator:

			git clone https://github.com/zufuliu/llvm-utils.git
			cd llvm-utils/VS2017
			.\install.bat

	- MacOS:

			brew install llvm
	</details>

  * [Visual Studio 2019 or higher](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install command + Environment setup</summary>

	On Windows, you need to install Visual Studio 2019 because of the SDK and libraries that ship with it.

  	Visual Studio IDE - 2019 Community (installs Clang too):

  	  	choco install -y visualstudio2019community --package-parameters "add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Workload.NativeDesktop --includeRecommended --includeOptional --passive --locale en-US"

	Put MSVC compiler, Clang compiler, and vcvarsall.bat on the path:

			choco install vswhere -y
			refreshenv

			# change to x86 for 32bit
			$clpath = vswhere -products * -latest -prerelease -find **/Hostx64/x64/*
			$clangpath = vswhere -products * -latest -prerelease -find **/Llvm/bin/*
			$vcvarsallpath =  vswhere -products * -latest -prerelease -find **/Auxiliary/Build/*

			$path = [System.Environment]::GetEnvironmentVariable("PATH", "User")
			[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("Path", $path + ";$clpath" + ";$clangpath" + ";$vcvarsallpath", "User")
			refreshenv

	</details>


2. [Conan](https://conan.io/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Via pip - https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/installation.html#install-with-pip-recommended

			pip install --user conan

	- Windows:

			choco install conan -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install conan

	</details>

3. [CMake 3.15+](https://cmake.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install cmake

	- Windows:

			choco install cmake -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install cmake

	</details>

### Optional Dependencies
#### C++ Tools
  * [Doxygen](http://doxygen.nl/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install doxygen
			sudo apt-get install graphviz

	- Windows:

			choco install doxygen.install -y
			choco install graphviz -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install doxygen
	 		brew install graphviz

	</details>


  * [ccache](https://ccache.dev/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install ccache

	- Windows:

			choco install ccache -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install ccache

	</details>


  * [Cppcheck](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install cppcheck

	- Windows:

			choco install cppcheck -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install cppcheck

	</details>


  * [include-what-you-use](https://include-what-you-use.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	Follow instructions here:
	https://github.com/include-what-you-use/include-what-you-use#how-to-install
	</details>

#### GUI libraries
This project can be made to work with several optional GUI frameworks.

If desired, you should install the following optional dependencies as
directed by their documentation, linked here:

- [FLTK](https://www.fltk.org/doc-1.4/index.html)
- [GTKMM](https://www.gtkmm.org/en/documentation.html)
- [QT](https://doc.qt.io/)

The following dependencies can be downloaded automatically by CMake and Conan.
All you need to do to install them is to turn on a CMake flag during
configuration.
If you run into difficulty using them, please refer to their documentation,
linked here:

- [NANA](http://nanapro.org/en-us/documentation/)
- [SDL](http://wiki.libsdl.org/FrontPage)
- [IMGUI](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui/tree/master/docs):
  This framework depends on SFML, and if you are using Linux, you may need
  to install several of SFML's dependencies using your package manager. See
  [the SFML build tutorial](https://www.sfml-dev.org/tutorials/2.5/compile-with-cmake.php)
  for specifics.

## Build Instructions

### Build directory
Make a build directory:
```
mkdir build
```
### Specify the compiler using environment variables

By default (if you don't set environment variables `CC` and `CXX`), the system default compiler will be used.

Conan and CMake use the environment variables CC and CXX to decide which compiler to use. So to avoid the conflict issues only specify the compilers using these variables.

CMake will detect which compiler was used to build each of the Conan targets. If you build all of your Conan targets with one compiler, and then build your CMake targets with a different compiler, the project may fail to build.

<details>
<summary>Commands for setting the compilers </summary>

- Debian/Ubuntu/MacOS:

	Set your desired compiler (`clang`, `gcc`, etc):

	- Temporarily (only for the current shell)

		Run one of the followings in the terminal:

		- clang

				CC=clang CXX=clang++

		- gcc

				CC=gcc CXX=g++

	- Permanent:

		Open `~/.bashrc` using your text editor:

			gedit ~/.bashrc

		Add `CC` and `CXX` to point to the compilers:

			export CC=clang
			export CXX=clang++

		Save and close the file.

- Windows:

	- Permanent:

		Run one of the followings in PowerShell:

		- Visual Studio generator and compiler (cl)

				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CC", "cl.exe", "User")
				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CXX", "cl.exe", "User")
				refreshenv

		  Set the architecture using [vsvarsall](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/building-on-the-command-line?view=vs-2019#vcvarsall-syntax):

				vsvarsall.bat x64

		- clang

				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CC", "clang.exe", "User")
				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CXX", "clang++.exe", "User")
				refreshenv

		- gcc

				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CC", "gcc.exe", "User")
				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CXX", "g++.exe", "User")
				refreshenv


  - Temporarily (only for the current shell):

			$Env:CC="clang.exe"
			$Env:CXX="clang++.exe"

</details>

### Configure your build

To configure the project and write makefiles, you could use `cmake` with a bunch of command line options.
The easier option is to run cmake interactively:

#### **Configure via cmake-gui**:

1) Open cmake-gui from the project directory:
```
cmake-gui .
```
2) Set the build directory:

![build_dir](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82524586-fa48e380-9af4-11ea-8514-4e18a063d8eb.jpg)

3) Configure the generator:

In cmake-gui, from the upper menu select `Tools/Configure`.

**Warning**: if you have set `CC` and `CXX` always choose the `use default native compilers` option. This picks `CC` and `CXX`. Don't change the compiler at this stage!

<details>
<summary>Windows - MinGW Makefiles</summary>

Choose MinGW Makefiles as the generator:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82769479-616ade80-9dfa-11ea-899e-3a8c31d43032.png" alt="mingw">

</details>

<details>
<summary>Windows - Visual Studio generator and compiler</summary>

You should have already set `C` and `CXX` to `cl.exe`.

Choose "Visual Studio 16 2019" as the generator:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82524696-32502680-9af5-11ea-9697-a42000e900a6.jpg" alt="default_vs">

</details>

<details>

<summary>Windows - Visual Studio generator and Clang Compiler</summary>

You should have already set `C` and `CXX` to `clang.exe` and `clang++.exe`.

Choose "Visual Studio 16 2019" as the generator. To tell Visual studio to use `clang-cl.exe`:
- If you use the LLVM that is shipped with Visual Studio: write `ClangCl` under "optional toolset to use".

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82781142-ae60ac00-9e1e-11ea-8c77-222b005a8f7e.png" alt="visual_studio">

- If you use an external LLVM: write [`LLVM_v142`](https://github.com/zufuliu/llvm-utils#llvm-for-visual-studio-2017-and-2019)
 under "optional toolset to use".

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82769558-b3136900-9dfa-11ea-9f73-02ab8f9b0ca4.png" alt="visual_studio">

</details>
<br/>

4) Choose the Cmake options and then generate:

![generate](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82781591-c97feb80-9e1f-11ea-86c8-f2748b96f516.png)

#### **Configure via ccmake**:
with the Cmake Curses Dialog Command Line tool:

    ccmake -S . -B ./build

Once `ccmake` has finished setting up, press 'c' to configure the project,
press 'g' to generate, and 'q' to quit.

### Build
Once you have selected all the options you would like to use, you can build the
project (all targets):

    cmake --build ./build

For Visual Studio, give the build configuration (Release, RelWithDeb, Debug, etc) like the following:

    cmake --build ./build -- /p:configuration=Release

## Troubleshooting

### Update Conan
Many problems that users have can be resolved by updating Conan, so if you are
having any trouble with this project, you should start by doing that.

To update conan:

    $ pip install --user --upgrade conan

You may need to use `pip3` instead of `pip` in this command, depending on your
platform.

### Clear Conan cache
If you continue to have trouble with your Conan dependencies, you can try
clearing your Conan cache:

    $ conan remove -f '*'

The next time you run `cmake` or `cmake --build`, your Conan dependencies will
be rebuilt. If you aren't using your system's default compiler, don't forget to
set the CC, CXX, CMAKE_C_COMPILER, and CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER variables, as
described in the 'Build using an alternate compiler' section above.

### Identifying misconfiguration of Conan dependencies

If you have a dependency 'A' that requires a specific version of another
dependency 'B', and your project is trying to use the wrong version of
dependency 'B', Conan will produce warnings about this configuration error
when you run CMake. These warnings can easily get lost between a couple
hundred or thousand lines of output, depending on the size of your project.

If your project has a Conan configuration error, you can use `conan info` to
find it. `conan info` displays information about the dependency graph of your
project, with colorized output in some terminals.

    $ cd build
    $ conan info .

In my terminal, the first couple lines of `conan info`'s output show all of the
project's configuration warnings in a bright yellow font.

For example, the package `spdlog/1.5.0` depends on the package `fmt/6.1.2`.
If you were to modify the file `cmake/Conan.cmake` so that it requires an
earlier version of `fmt`, such as `fmt/6.0.0`, and then run:

    $ conan remove -f '*'       # clear Conan cache
    $ rm -rf build              # clear previous CMake build
    $ mkdir build && cd build
    $ cmake ..                  # rebuild Conan dependencies
    $ conan info .

...the first line of output would be a warning that `spdlog` needs a more recent
version of `fmt`.

## Testing
See [Catch2 tutorial](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2/blob/master/docs/tutorial.md)

## Fuzz testing

See [libFuzzer Tutorial](https://github.com/google/fuzzing/blob/master/tutorial/libFuzzerTutorial.md)

Commit message:

Add note about ZDE topic team to README

README.md, after:

# cpp_example_project

Ongoing project of the Zühlke Germany "Modern C++ Topic Group".

With this project, we want to provide an example and starting point for C++ projects (embedded and otherwise), especially regarding tooling.

The project has initially been forked/copied from [Jason Turner's cpp_starter_project](https://github.com/lefticus/cpp_starter_project).


<hr>
## original README:

# cpp_starter_project

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/lefticus/cpp_starter_project/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/lefticus/cpp_starter_project)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lefticus/cpp_starter_project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lefticus/cpp_starter_project)

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ro4lbfoa7n0sy74c/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/lefticus/cpp-starter-project/branch/master)

![CMake](https://github.com/lefticus/cpp_starter_project/workflows/CMake/badge.svg)


## Getting Started

### Use the Github template
First, click the green `Use this template` button near the top of this page.
This will take you to Github's ['Generate Repository'](https://github.com/lefticus/cpp_starter_project/generate) page.
Fill in a repository name and short description, and click 'Create repository from template'.
This will allow you to create a new repository in your Github account,
prepopulated with the contents of this project.
Now you can clone the project locally and get to work!

    $ git clone https://github.com/<user>/<your_new_repo>.git

### Remove frameworks you're not going to use
If you know you're not going to use one or more of the optional gui/graphics
frameworks (fltk, gtkmm, imgui, etc.), you can remove them with `git rm`:

    $ git rm -r src/<unnecessary_framework>

## Dependencies

Note about install commands:
- for Windows, we use [choco](https://chocolatey.org/install).
- for MacOS, we use [brew](https://brew.sh/).
- In case of an error in cmake, make sure that the dependencies are on the PATH.

### Necessary Dependencies
1. A C++ compiler that supports C++17.
See [cppreference.com](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/compiler_support)
to see which features are supported by each compiler.
The following compilers should work:

  * [gcc 7+](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt install build-essential

	- Windows:

			choco install mingw -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install gcc
	</details>

  * [clang 6+](https://clang.llvm.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			bash -c "$(wget -O - https://apt.llvm.org/llvm.sh)"

	- Windows:

		Visual Studio 2019 ships with LLVM (see the Visual Studio section). However, to install LLVM separately:

			choco install llvm -y

		llvm-utils for using external LLVM with Visual Studio generator:

			git clone https://github.com/zufuliu/llvm-utils.git
			cd llvm-utils/VS2017
			.\install.bat

	- MacOS:

			brew install llvm
	</details>

  * [Visual Studio 2019 or higher](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install command + Environment setup</summary>

	On Windows, you need to install Visual Studio 2019 because of the SDK and libraries that ship with it.

  	Visual Studio IDE - 2019 Community (installs Clang too):

  	  	choco install -y visualstudio2019community --package-parameters "add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Workload.NativeDesktop --includeRecommended --includeOptional --passive --locale en-US"

	Put MSVC compiler, Clang compiler, and vcvarsall.bat on the path:

			choco install vswhere -y
			refreshenv

			# change to x86 for 32bit
			$clpath = vswhere -products * -latest -prerelease -find **/Hostx64/x64/*
			$clangpath = vswhere -products * -latest -prerelease -find **/Llvm/bin/*
			$vcvarsallpath =  vswhere -products * -latest -prerelease -find **/Auxiliary/Build/*

			$path = [System.Environment]::GetEnvironmentVariable("PATH", "User")
			[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("Path", $path + ";$clpath" + ";$clangpath" + ";$vcvarsallpath", "User")
			refreshenv

	</details>


2. [Conan](https://conan.io/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Via pip - https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/installation.html#install-with-pip-recommended

			pip install --user conan

	- Windows:

			choco install conan -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install conan

	</details>

3. [CMake 3.15+](https://cmake.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install cmake

	- Windows:

			choco install cmake -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install cmake

	</details>

### Optional Dependencies
#### C++ Tools
  * [Doxygen](http://doxygen.nl/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install doxygen
			sudo apt-get install graphviz

	- Windows:

			choco install doxygen.install -y
			choco install graphviz -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install doxygen
	 		brew install graphviz

	</details>


  * [ccache](https://ccache.dev/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install ccache

	- Windows:

			choco install ccache -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install ccache

	</details>


  * [Cppcheck](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	- Debian/Ubuntu:

			sudo apt-get install cppcheck

	- Windows:

			choco install cppcheck -y

	- MacOS:

			brew install cppcheck

	</details>


  * [include-what-you-use](https://include-what-you-use.org/)
	<details>
	<summary>Install Command</summary>

	Follow instructions here:
	https://github.com/include-what-you-use/include-what-you-use#how-to-install
	</details>

#### GUI libraries
This project can be made to work with several optional GUI frameworks.

If desired, you should install the following optional dependencies as
directed by their documentation, linked here:

- [FLTK](https://www.fltk.org/doc-1.4/index.html)
- [GTKMM](https://www.gtkmm.org/en/documentation.html)
- [QT](https://doc.qt.io/)

The following dependencies can be downloaded automatically by CMake and Conan.
All you need to do to install them is to turn on a CMake flag during
configuration.
If you run into difficulty using them, please refer to their documentation,
linked here:

- [NANA](http://nanapro.org/en-us/documentation/)
- [SDL](http://wiki.libsdl.org/FrontPage)
- [IMGUI](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui/tree/master/docs):
  This framework depends on SFML, and if you are using Linux, you may need
  to install several of SFML's dependencies using your package manager. See
  [the SFML build tutorial](https://www.sfml-dev.org/tutorials/2.5/compile-with-cmake.php)
  for specifics.

## Build Instructions

### Build directory
Make a build directory:
```
mkdir build
```
### Specify the compiler using environment variables

By default (if you don't set environment variables `CC` and `CXX`), the system default compiler will be used.

Conan and CMake use the environment variables CC and CXX to decide which compiler to use. So to avoid the conflict issues only specify the compilers using these variables.

CMake will detect which compiler was used to build each of the Conan targets. If you build all of your Conan targets with one compiler, and then build your CMake targets with a different compiler, the project may fail to build.

<details>
<summary>Commands for setting the compilers </summary>

- Debian/Ubuntu/MacOS:

	Set your desired compiler (`clang`, `gcc`, etc):

	- Temporarily (only for the current shell)

		Run one of the followings in the terminal:

		- clang

				CC=clang CXX=clang++

		- gcc

				CC=gcc CXX=g++

	- Permanent:

		Open `~/.bashrc` using your text editor:

			gedit ~/.bashrc

		Add `CC` and `CXX` to point to the compilers:

			export CC=clang
			export CXX=clang++

		Save and close the file.

- Windows:

	- Permanent:

		Run one of the followings in PowerShell:

		- Visual Studio generator and compiler (cl)

				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CC", "cl.exe", "User")
				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CXX", "cl.exe", "User")
				refreshenv

		  Set the architecture using [vsvarsall](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/building-on-the-command-line?view=vs-2019#vcvarsall-syntax):

				vsvarsall.bat x64

		- clang

				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CC", "clang.exe", "User")
				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CXX", "clang++.exe", "User")
				refreshenv

		- gcc

				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CC", "gcc.exe", "User")
				[Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable("CXX", "g++.exe", "User")
				refreshenv


  - Temporarily (only for the current shell):

			$Env:CC="clang.exe"
			$Env:CXX="clang++.exe"

</details>

### Configure your build

To configure the project and write makefiles, you could use `cmake` with a bunch of command line options.
The easier option is to run cmake interactively:

#### **Configure via cmake-gui**:

1) Open cmake-gui from the project directory:
```
cmake-gui .
```
2) Set the build directory:

![build_dir](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82524586-fa48e380-9af4-11ea-8514-4e18a063d8eb.jpg)

3) Configure the generator:

In cmake-gui, from the upper menu select `Tools/Configure`.

**Warning**: if you have set `CC` and `CXX` always choose the `use default native compilers` option. This picks `CC` and `CXX`. Don't change the compiler at this stage!

<details>
<summary>Windows - MinGW Makefiles</summary>

Choose MinGW Makefiles as the generator:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82769479-616ade80-9dfa-11ea-899e-3a8c31d43032.png" alt="mingw">

</details>

<details>
<summary>Windows - Visual Studio generator and compiler</summary>

You should have already set `C` and `CXX` to `cl.exe`.

Choose "Visual Studio 16 2019" as the generator:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82524696-32502680-9af5-11ea-9697-a42000e900a6.jpg" alt="default_vs">

</details>

<details>

<summary>Windows - Visual Studio generator and Clang Compiler</summary>

You should have already set `C` and `CXX` to `clang.exe` and `clang++.exe`.

Choose "Visual Studio 16 2019" as the generator. To tell Visual studio to use `clang-cl.exe`:
- If you use the LLVM that is shipped with Visual Studio: write `ClangCl` under "optional toolset to use".

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82781142-ae60ac00-9e1e-11ea-8c77-222b005a8f7e.png" alt="visual_studio">

- If you use an external LLVM: write [`LLVM_v142`](https://github.com/zufuliu/llvm-utils#llvm-for-visual-studio-2017-and-2019)
 under "optional toolset to use".

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82769558-b3136900-9dfa-11ea-9f73-02ab8f9b0ca4.png" alt="visual_studio">

</details>
<br/>

4) Choose the Cmake options and then generate:

![generate](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16418197/82781591-c97feb80-9e1f-11ea-86c8-f2748b96f516.png)

#### **Configure via ccmake**:
with the Cmake Curses Dialog Command Line tool:

    ccmake -S . -B ./build

Once `ccmake` has finished setting up, press 'c' to configure the project,
press 'g' to generate, and 'q' to quit.

### Build
Once you have selected all the options you would like to use, you can build the
project (all targets):

    cmake --build ./build

For Visual Studio, give the build configuration (Release, RelWithDeb, Debug, etc) like the following:

    cmake --build ./build -- /p:configuration=Release

## Troubleshooting

### Update Conan
Many problems that users have can be resolved by updating Conan, so if you are
having any trouble with this project, you should start by doing that.

To update conan:

    $ pip install --user --upgrade conan

You may need to use `pip3` instead of `pip` in this command, depending on your
platform.

### Clear Conan cache
If you continue to have trouble with your Conan dependencies, you can try
clearing your Conan cache:

    $ conan remove -f '*'

The next time you run `cmake` or `cmake --build`, your Conan dependencies will
be rebuilt. If you aren't using your system's default compiler, don't forget to
set the CC, CXX, CMAKE_C_COMPILER, and CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER variables, as
described in the 'Build using an alternate compiler' section above.

### Identifying misconfiguration of Conan dependencies

If you have a dependency 'A' that requires a specific version of another
dependency 'B', and your project is trying to use the wrong version of
dependency 'B', Conan will produce warnings about this configuration error
when you run CMake. These warnings can easily get lost between a couple
hundred or thousand lines of output, depending on the size of your project.

If your project has a Conan configuration error, you can use `conan info` to
find it. `conan info` displays information about the dependency graph of your
project, with colorized output in some terminals.

    $ cd build
    $ conan info .

In my terminal, the first couple lines of `conan info`'s output show all of the
project's configuration warnings in a bright yellow font.

For example, the package `spdlog/1.5.0` depends on the package `fmt/6.1.2`.
If you were to modify the file `cmake/Conan.cmake` so that it requires an
earlier version of `fmt`, such as `fmt/6.0.0`, and then run:

    $ conan remove -f '*'       # clear Conan cache
    $ rm -rf build              # clear previous CMake build
    $ mkdir build && cd build
    $ cmake ..                  # rebuild Conan dependencies
    $ conan info .

...the first line of output would be a warning that `spdlog` needs a more recent
version of `fmt`.

## Testing
See [Catch2 tutorial](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2/blob/master/docs/tutorial.md)

## Fuzz testing

See [libFuzzer Tutorial](https://github.com/google/fuzzing/blob/master/tutorial/libFuzzerTutorial.md)
